So first we're going to download and install dot net core as decay dot net core is basically an open
source framework for Windows Linux and Mac OS operating systems.
Now what is a framework you might ask.
To put it very simply it is just a collection of libraries a.k.a. a code that other people at Microsoft
have already written.
So we can use right out of the box it is pre written functionality that we can use for free without
having to write anything ourselves.
Just makes development easier so we don't have to reinvent the wheel.
That's all a framework is nothing more nothing less.
One special thing about that night core though is that it is a new framework by Microsoft and it is
cross platform compatible so if you want to use it on Windows Linux or Mac OS operating systems you
can our reason for using it is because it is new so want to stay with the latest and greatest.
Now you might also ask what's the difference between dot net core and dot net core as decay.
And that's a good question.
Basically dot net core is just the framework but dot net core SDK is a package of dot net core plus
other tools that will allow us to build applications using dot net core.
So once again it is dot net core plus other stuff that we need in order to write apps.
That's all you will see some of those tools in the next video.
For now let's go ahead and download and install dot net core as decay.
So as you see I'm on Google just type in download dot net core as decay say Google search and then the
first link as you see right here click on that and then you will choose build apps so click download
dot net core as Dick
wait for it to download
so once as download it just open it up
give it a few seconds and now the installation process is actually very simple just say install
and let it do its thing
great installation was successful you can close and I would suggest you restart your computer before
moving onto the next video so that everything is proper.
I'll see you in the next video.